at arras
no
we also have in this journal we are pleased to receive today
Muriel Robin who will be in a few days on the stage of the Marigny Theater
to interpret m tasty dialogue next step of roland
dubillard in a staging by jean-michel ribes and areva will not speak
only sects and a blog she restores with her friend
annie Gregorio
and as the first real place now thanks to muriel robin who
is our guest in his sanctuary if we are very happy to receive you
present yourself in a few days at the theater marigny with for your
comfort complices annie gregorio a tasty piece of roland dubillard
entitled the diablogues then we see the equine sector
funny of the road we spoke to you in a moment
these are kids of the plate on the political scene is very funny
directed by jean-michel ribes
like a real building site meeting planned at the end of the year we are systematic
but it is a fine team the arms of the director jean-michel ribes
Muriel Robin He panics and Gourio is preparing for a rehearsal
diablogues
and the atmosphere is also good behind the scenes you are a member
connect the brand on stage
You see
they do not miss
judge
those who pose the flemish drugs episode
no, we said it's dangerous but we're so good at having this
part of his vision
we were not looking for history the diablos of dollars in the absurd
and that's all the talent of their authors
roland dubillard
it's someone
approximate
as well of beckett to bring back it is she who invents a language that is a
not a word
this language of this world everyone understands it he was clenching his teeth out
from the greyness of the city scenes of human lives
sunny enough in front of him
four years the yen also comes back comfortable in the text while in the
same time as him
why not why
all in the service of an actor's performance in full ping pong
to consult the site clean
good game
the beach
after
ould babana
the sea with its own way for the payment of compensation pay his
studies and writing
At the base, we have to say when you find in this room the
diablogues
basically like what you have it says so often on stage in your own
sketch mr
but we have the impression that you have written this text of euros in
January-May the defendant is very far from our universe
in any case, there is a gap for those who know but
for work it's true sometimes its part elsewhere and instead of finding that of
the smoke in the lungs plus also found butts and a craziness like
that he wants
kiwi fiji
that I love and that people m
m with the help of sharing with me
Billiards shifted once again it's time
jean-michel really should tell us
but with a lag of six girls and six months I discovered this text with
the conservatory
and I remember reading that and falling off my chair so really and I
like to tell people alan stivell as safe as it is how is it
that retirees play before all the Olympics while during
long time not by the times it took the busy jean-michel
asked to put some billiards
at the time of day and its lands
an almost liberated success but also parts
and then I think it's time
and again this time I can play well
people have come to the rendezvous
for those who know but I have a lot of fun and I think
it is
it is well pleased someone of damage I think he had a lot of people who
love me j
I manage Gaddafi's assets and I do not believe that the criteria
is now finished always the rcc on the cake new show it is
went to discover the motor passage because these are skits to 11 11
story woven honest to fire they come to play for I anticipated
maybe not good that one of your questions you will be other questions
but
I wanted to play with a school not because she is my best friend
for 35 years we have arrived in Paris in this sense
it's because they both find themselves taking the funniest and for those who
do you know what that would be the role for?
no longer laugh these reciprocal so we're really in a legend
michael is the perfect man but the story of the decade because his
idea that not always necessarily he was going to stay
so you have to stay and always find yourself inside a
something very high holding a perfect perfect for its part this
that really amazes all the I do not find the words I'm that judge
all the flavor in any case dubillard
it remains only at the appointment with a small revenge to take face
his debt his newspapers at the center of the agreements keep intact with the
reconciliations there is billiards
reindeer can put in the center of geneva
why not then why yes and why not
but then why so why is not one
a last show to her very funny very tasty and who stays
I just married or marini you certainly
to that it is necessary to mali 19 hours because I thought it was a
show
which stands out from the work
orpond level bluff a little bluff their patients to live the big
preparation to all in diva for this first minor and a half laugh
for their entry into the green the pest the day before at 10 4 me back
of richard gasquet here are the wine merchants exactly
thank you very much but I would like to have provoked in the navy in
a few days end of this diary in a moment the method at first sight of
price
that's spending time with 4%
for training tomorrow to be true jean-pierre pernaut at 1 pm
and their transfer to a term to disappear thank you for your loyalty
the couple got scared